c:\Users\pasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Quiz\QuizMaker\bin\Debug\QuizMaker.exe.config
c:\Users\pasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Quiz\QuizMaker\bin\Debug\QuizMaker.exe
c:\Users\pasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Quiz\QuizMaker\bin\Debug\QuizMaker.pdb
c:\Users\pasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Quiz\QuizMaker\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\Users\pasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Quiz\QuizMaker\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\Users\pasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Quiz\QuizMaker\obj\Debug\QuizMaker_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\Users\pasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Quiz\QuizMaker\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\Users\pasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Quiz\QuizMaker\obj\Debug\QuizMaker.g.resources
c:\Users\pasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Quiz\QuizMaker\obj\Debug\QuizMaker.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\Users\pasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Quiz\QuizMaker\obj\Debug\QuizMaker.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\Users\pasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Quiz\QuizMaker\obj\Debug\QuizMaker.exe
c:\Users\pasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Quiz\QuizMaker\obj\Debug\QuizMaker.pdb
C:\Users\pasha\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Quiz\QuizMaker\obj\Debug\Views\TestEdit.g.cs
C:\Users\pasha\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Quiz\QuizMaker\obj\Debug\QuizMaker_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\pasha\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Quiz\QuizMaker\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\pasha\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Quiz\QuizMaker\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\pasha\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Quiz\QuizMaker\obj\Debug\Views\TestEdit.baml
C:\Users\pasha\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Quiz\QuizMaker\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.dll
C:\Users\pasha\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Quiz\QuizMaker\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.xml
C:\Users\pasha\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Quiz\QuizMaker\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
C:\Users\pasha\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Quiz\QuizMaker\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
C:\Users\pasha\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Quiz\QuizMaker\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.pdb
C:\Users\pasha\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Quiz\QuizMaker\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
C:\Users\pasha\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Quiz\QuizMaker\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\pasha\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Quiz\QuizMaker\bin\Debug\Quiz.exe
C:\Users\pasha\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Quiz\QuizMaker\bin\Debug\Quiz.pdb
C:\Users\pasha\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Quiz\QuizMaker\obj\Debug\QuizMaker.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
